chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make[1]: *** [all] Error 1
make: *** [check] Error 2
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make: *** [all] Error 1
join: /tmp/16322.dat:6: is not sorted: |  BYTE UNIX Benchmarks (Version 3.11)
awk: /home/sgeorgiou/GitHub/phoronixDataSet/tools/gcc_tasks_test/byte/pgms/index.awk:20: fatal: division by zero attempted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make[1]: *** [all] Error 1
make: *** [check] Error 2
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make: *** [all] Error 1
join: /tmp/16440.dat:6: is not sorted: |  BYTE UNIX Benchmarks (Version 3.11)
awk: /home/sgeorgiou/GitHub/phoronixDataSet/tools/gcc_tasks_test/byte/pgms/index.awk:20: fatal: division by zero attempted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make[1]: *** [all] Error 1
make: *** [check] Error 2
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make: *** [all] Error 1
join: /tmp/16565.dat:6: is not sorted: |  BYTE UNIX Benchmarks (Version 3.11)
awk: /home/sgeorgiou/GitHub/phoronixDataSet/tools/gcc_tasks_test/byte/pgms/index.awk:20: fatal: division by zero attempted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make[1]: *** [all] Error 1
make: *** [check] Error 2
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make: *** [all] Error 1
join: /tmp/16676.dat:6: is not sorted: |  BYTE UNIX Benchmarks (Version 3.11)
awk: /home/sgeorgiou/GitHub/phoronixDataSet/tools/gcc_tasks_test/byte/pgms/index.awk:20: fatal: division by zero attempted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make[1]: *** [all] Error 1
make: *** [check] Error 2
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/arithoh': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/context1': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/dhry2reg': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/double': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/execl': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/float': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/fstime': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/hanoi': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/int': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/long': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/looper': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/pipe': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/register': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/short': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/spawn': Operation not permitted
chmod: changing permissions of './pgms/syscall': Operation not permitted
make: *** [all] Error 1
join: /tmp/16787.dat:6: is not sorted: |  BYTE UNIX Benchmarks (Version 3.11)
awk: /home/sgeorgiou/GitHub/phoronixDataSet/tools/gcc_tasks_test/byte/pgms/index.awk:20: fatal: division by zero attempted

 Performance counter stats for 'system wide' (5 runs):

            349.40 Joules power/energy-pkg/                                             ( +-  0.25% )
             30.45 Joules power/energy-ram/                                             ( +-  0.20% )

            61.606 +- 0.109 seconds time elapsed  ( +-  0.18% )

